{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. ActionSheet :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/TimCinel/ActionSheetPicker"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/TimCinel/ActionSheetPicker}}\
\
2. AFNetworking :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking}}\
\
3. ALAssetsLibrary-CustomPhotoAlbum :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Kjuly/ALAssetsLibrary-CustomPhotoAlbum"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/Kjuly/ALAssetsLibrary-CustomPhotoAlbum}}\
\
4. asi-http-request :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/pokeb/asi-http-request"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/pokeb/asi-http-request}}\
\
5. Bubble : \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/AlexBarinov/UIBubbleTableView"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/AlexBarinov/UIBubbleTableView}}\
\
6. CALayer-XibConfiguration : \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Julyyq/CALayer-XibConfiguration"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/Julyyq/CALayer-XibConfiguration}}\
\
7. CHCSVParser :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/davedelong/CHCSVParser"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/davedelong/CHCSVParser}}\
\
8. EstimoteSDK :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Estimote/iOS-SDK"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/Estimote/iOS-SDK}}\
\
9. FBGraph API :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/reallylongaddress/iPhone-Facebook-Graph-API"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/reallylongaddress/iPhone-Facebook-Graph-API}}\
\
10. FLAnimatedImage :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Flipboard/FLAnimatedImage"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/Flipboard/FLAnimatedImage}}\
\
11. FMDB :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ccgus/fmdb"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/ccgus/fmdb}}\
\
12 Google Mobile Ads :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-ios-examples"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/googleads/googleads-mobile-ios-examples}}\
\
13. iCarousel :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nicklockwood/iCarousel"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nicklockwood/iCarousel}}\
\
14. InstagramKit :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/shyambhat/InstagramKit"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/shyambhat/InstagramKit}}\
\
15. iOS Samples :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/acekiller/iOS-Samples"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/acekiller/iOS-Samples}}\
\
16. JSON : \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/stig/json-framework/"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/stig/json-framework/}}\
\
17. MBProgressHUD :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jdg/MBProgressHUD"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/jdg/MBProgressHUD}}\
\
18. ECSlidingView :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ECSlidingViewController/ECSlidingViewController"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/ECSlidingViewController/ECSlidingViewController}}\
\
19. MGInstagram : \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mglagola/MGInstagram"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/mglagola/MGInstagram}}\
\
20. MGPaggingScrollView :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/hollance/MHPagingScrollView"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/hollance/MHPagingScrollView}}\
\
21. MKStoreKit :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/MugunthKumar/MKStoreKit"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/MugunthKumar/MKStoreKit}}\
\
22. NIDropDown :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/BijeshNair/NIDropDown"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/BijeshNair/NIDropDown}}\
\
23. Paypal SDK :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/paypal/PayPal-iOS-SDK"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/paypal/PayPal-iOS-SDK}}\
\
24. RateView :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/taruntyagi697/RateView"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/taruntyagi697/RateView}}\
\
25. DYRateView :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/dyang/DYRateView"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/dyang/DYRateView}}\
\
26. Reachability :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/belkevich/reachability-ios"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/belkevich/reachability-ios}}\
\
27. RETrimControl :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/romaonthego/RETrimControl"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/romaonthego/RETrimControl}}\
\
28. RMStore :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/robotmedia/RMStore"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/robotmedia/RMStore}}\
\
29. SDWebImage :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/rs/SDWebImage"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/rs/SDWebImage}}\
\
30. SDSegmentControl :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/rs/SDSegmentedControl"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/rs/SDSegmentedControl}}\
\
31. SPLockScreen :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/freesuraj/PatternLock"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/freesuraj/PatternLock}}\
\
32. SSKeychain :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/soffes/sskeychain"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/soffes/sskeychain}}\
\
33. STTwitter :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nst/STTwitter"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nst/STTwitter}}\
\
34. WSCharts :\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/pyanfield/WSChart"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/pyanfield/WSChart}}\
\
35. HCYouTubeParser\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/hellozimi/HCYoutubeParser"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/hellozimi/HCYoutubeParser}}\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}